Adding docs for AIT DSN plugin (#8)
NASA-AMMOS/quickstart-ammos-smallsat-toolkit: docs/partner_editable/pre-reqs.adoc

During deployment, the Quick Start retrieves this file along with the other AIT configuration files (the files in the `configs/ait/config` S3 folder) and places them in the folder `/home/ec2-user/AIT-Core/config` on the AIT EC2 instance.

This file references other configuration files (file paths are relative) as well as enabling a default set of AIT plugins: AIT GUI, the Data Archive plugin for InfluxDB, the AIT Open MCT plugin, and the AIT DSN Plugin.

For more information, see https://ait-core.readthedocs.io/en/latest/configuration_intro.html#config-yaml[config.yaml^] in the AIT documentation.

===== config.yaml (AIT-DSN plugin)

To ensure the AIT DSN plugin is setup appropriately, you must provide the valid hostnames in the main `config.yaml` file. The default hostnames are set to `example.hostname.*` and must be configured appropriately.

> For more information see https://ait-core.readthedocs.io/en/master/project_setup.html[the docs here^]

Reviewer: Are we still looking for the right docs?

> For more information see https://ait-core.readthedocs.io/en/master/project_setup.html[the docs here^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information see https://ait-dsn.readthedocs.io/en/master/index.htmlthe AIT-DSN Plugin docs here^] as well as the https://ait-dsn.readthedocs.io/en/master/ait_sle.html#configuration[AIT-DSN SLE Configuration docs^]
```
